Tester webapp.
The app provide functional for passing different test on different themes for users.
Details: 
The app support segregation access by roles to different parts of it's functional segment.
There are four basic roles supported by app(four branches of functional in another word):
	student branch:
		features:
			User logged in under student role have permission to choose any test from the provided list of tests.
			Then he able review some basic information about the test including passing duration or question count.
			User can choose mode of passing the test - online or offline (currently acceptable only one mode - offline). After this user will be
			suggested to accept passing the test (yes or no), after this step he redirected to passing the test.
			By the end of test user will be shown page with test rusult that include information by each question he answer before 
			also system provide right and wrong answer list for every question in the list so that user could make sure about degree of his correctness.
	tutor branch: 
		features: 
			User logged under tutor role has permissions for creating complitally new tests that will be assigned to him.
			It worth be mentioned that tutor have several tools for editing the test:
				-Add question to created test
				-Add answer to created test
				-Edit duration of the test
				-Rename test(currently not implemented) 
				-Delete answer
				-Edit question
	advanced tutor branch:
			Unfortunately the branch is not available yet, waiting soon.
			The advanced tutor can approve new tests created by tutors and will check them before they will become available for students.
	administrator branch:
		features:
			User logged under administrator role has permissions for:
				-Creating new users in the system.
				-Editing users in the system.
				-Enabling/Disabling users in the system
				-To browse information about registrated users.
The app equipped by registration and logging system.
	registration:
		Currently the registration is available only through the administrator abilities.
	login:
		login process proceed through the form with login and password entering. After this system will
		apply simple primary validation	and will deny/grant the access for asked user.
Also the app provide some access segregation security.
	-Only authorized users have access to upper described branches, except for general pages.
	-Authorized users can not go to the login page again.
	-Users authorized under certain role have not permissions to appeal to the part of another role.

To run the app in your environment it strongly recommended to run script by address: tester/src/script on your postgreSQL server.
	
		
		
